Update Databricks models and embeddings docs with m2m auth (#989)
spiceai/docs: website/docs/components/embeddings/databricks.md

| `databricks_endpoint`      | The Databricks workspace endpoint, e.g., `dbc-a12cd3e4-56f7.cloud.databricks.com`.                                                                                                                     |
| `databricks_token`         | The Databricks API token to authenticate with the Databricks Models API. Use the [secret replacement syntax](../secret-stores/index.md) to reference a secret, e.g., `${secrets:my_databricks_token}`. |
| `databricks_client_id`     | The Databricks Service Principal Client ID. Can't be used with `databricks_token`.                                                                                                                     |
| `databricks_client_secret` | The Databricks Service Principal Client Secret. Can't be used with `databricks_token`.                                                                                                                 |

### Example `spicepod.yaml` configuration, using personal access token

> To Learn more about how to set up personal access tokens, see [Databricks PAT docs](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/dev-tools/auth/pat).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about how to set up personal access tokens, see [Databricks PAT docs](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/dev-tools/auth/pat).
```

```yaml
embeddings:
  - from: databricks:databricks-gte-large-en
    name: gte-large-en
    params:
      databricks_endpoint: dbc-46470731-42e5.cloud.databricks.com
      databricks_token: ${ secrets:SPICE_DATABRICKS_TOKEN }
```

### Example `spicepod.yaml` configuration, using Databricks service principal

Spice supports the M2M OAuth flow with service principal credentials by utilizing the `databricks_client_id` and `databricks_client_secret` parameters. The runtime will automatically refresh the token.

> Ensure that you grant your service principal the "Can Query" permission for model serving.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The service principal must be granted the "Can Query" permission for model serving.
```

Use third-person for docs

To Learn more about how to set up the service principal, see [Databricks M2M OAuth docs](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/dev-tools/auth/oauth-m2m).

```yaml
embeddings:
  - from: databricks:databricks-gte-large-en
    name: gte-large-en
    params:

>       databricks_endpoint: dbc-46470731-42e5.cloud.databricks.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      databricks_endpoint: dbc-42424242-4242.cloud.databricks.com
```
